114599



CASH SALE



STATE OF LOUISIANA



PARISH OF LAFOURCHE



BE IT KNOWN that on this 2fith day of Thirsimhmr in the year of our



Aciverityfntir



Lord nineteen hundred and



BEFORE ME rtiriwinci. T.. nannies% . Jr . a Notary Public. duly commissioned and

qualified in and for the pariah of Lafouirche, State of Louisiana, and In the Presents of



nPtri SR Ileintine and Li RA Shepard



1

,, lawful witness.. residing in said Parish,



PERSONALLY CAME AND APPEARED



FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION OF THIBODAUX,

Thibodaux, Louisiana, a Federal Association duly organized and

chartered pursuant to the provisions of Home Owner's Loan Act

of 1933, as amended, and operating under Charter No. 2051, herein

represented by F.J. Weldon, its duly authorized manager by virtue

of resolution of its Board of Directors, a certified copy

of which is annexed hereto and made part hereof.



(hereinafter referred to as vendor and as a person of the masculine gender, whether one or more) who declared

that be has sold, and by these presents be does sell, cede,transfer/ convey, abandon and deliver with all the lord

warranties, and with full substitution and subrogation to all his rights sad actions in warranty against all TM tio%

ceding owners and vendor,, to and unto



I



DEQUINCY J. FOSTER, II, husband of legal age of Joyce Jones

Foster, nee Jones, with whom he resides in the Parish of

Assumption, State of Louisiana, his address being P. 0.4 Box 17,

Plattenville, Louisiana.



r "'I/



P. CP CZ r

Ci. r- cm

V' 0 men TD

CD=' .



r

3: ; 4 t



a :: 77 0



- .n

......i 0



 '7,7



0 crks 0c\

ry C c. =



t.'"

C .

r tr., e us



Pe ;Me** ::,:i

V



(hereinafter referred to as purchaser and as a person of the masculine gender, whether one or more) here present,

accepting and purchasing for himself, his heirs, successors or aedgits, and acknowledging due delivery and Pos-

session thereof, the following described property, to-wit:



Two certain lots of ground situated in the Parish of Assumption,

State of Louisiana, in the rear of the Village of Paincourtville,

on the south side of Paincourtville Lane, being Lots Nos. 3 and

4 as shown on a survey of T. J. Weishaut, C.E., dated May, 1960,

and attached to a power of attorney by Agnes Simon Holmes dated
