" 2



October 12, 1962, recorded in the Conveyance Records of the Parisi

of Assumption, in C.B. 94 at page 533 under Entry No. 64196,

reference to said survey hereby being made for greater certainty of

description of the lots sold, having a front each of 54 feet or

a total of 108 feet on a lane dedicated to the use of the lots

shown on said survey, by a depth between parallel lines of

63.5 feet on the North side of Lot 3 and 62.5 feet on the South

side of Lot 4, bounded on the North by Lot No. 2 purchased by

Leonard Lewis and on the south by Lot No. 5 of said survey,

on the east by the said lane and on the west by the property

of St. Charles Baptist Church.



Together with all the buildings and improvements thereon and

all the rights, ways, privileges and servitudes thereunto

belonging or in anywise appertaining. .



Being the same property acquired by vendor from Ch

and wife by Sheriff's deed dated May 22, 1974, in

11106 First Federal Savings and Loan Association o

Thibodaux;, Louisiana, vs. Charles Martin and wife

Assumption and recorded in COB 111, page 259, Suit

11106 of the records of said Parish.



arles Martin

Suit No.

f Thibodaux,

, Parish of

No.



This sale is made and accepted for and in consideration of the price and sure of F 1 Avon



thousand five hundred and nn/100 ! laa,solLocta

Dollars, cash in hand paid by the purchaser to the vendor in ready current money, at or , beton the execution haw

of, the receipt of which Is hereby acknowledged by the vendor who by these presents grants full acquittance and

discharge therefor.



1 The parties hereto agree to dispense with the production of the Mortgage Certificate and Tax Receipts re-

I I spired by law, and they further agree to exonerate me, said Notary, from any and all liability in the premises.



All taxes due on the property herein conveyed have been fully paid and discharged as shown by the eertifl-

Pi rate of the tax collector annexed hereto.



1 .



h'

' THUS DONE, PASSED and SIGNED at my office In the Parish of Lafourche



Stat. of Louisiana, on the day, month and year first above written, In the presence of the witnesses beninabove

 named and undersigned, who have signed these presents with the said sinners and me, Notary, after due

reading of the whole.



WITNESSES:



First



/I eitliv#1 BY:

Tre Venturi% h



 faAd



Lisa Shepard



f.e.dernijigs and Lo pi Association



1:47/4/iE/2- eti ie,



Tnl tOcaux,. Louisiana.



llstrortmhAr 2R , raj_



I hereby entity that all taxes due on the property herein conveyed have been fully paid and diathesis&



Notary Public

Edmond L. Deramoe, Jr:



Lafourche Pariah lauishisa



Deputy Tax Collector,
